docs: versioning strategy note (#2678)
ethersphere/bee: README.md

Our documentation is hosted at https://docs.ethswarm.org.

## Versioning

> There are two versioning schemes used in Bee that you should be aware about. The main Bee version does **NOT** follow

Reviewer: `about` => `of`

Author: ```suggestion
There are two versioning schemes used in Bee that you should be aware of. The main Bee version does **NOT** follow
```

> strictly Semantic Versioning. As Bee includes number of protocols it would require bumping major version for every protocol updates. 

Reviewer: strictly -> strict
number -> a number
```
Bee hosts different peer-to-peer wire protocol implementations and individual protocol breaking changes would necessitate a bump in the major part of the version. Breaking changes are expected with bumps of the minor version component, and new, backward compatible feature as well as bug fixes with a bump of the patch component. Major version bumps are reserved for significant changes in Swarm's incentive structure.
```

Author: ```suggestion
strict Semantic Versioning. Bee hosts different peer-to-peer wire protocol implementations and individual protocol breaking changes would necessitate a bump in the major part of the version. Breaking changes are expected with bumps of the minor version component. New (backward-compatible) features and bug fixes are expected with a bump of the patch component. Major version bumps are reserved for significant changes in Swarm's incentive structure.

```

In this light minor versions can include breaking changes, but patch versions will be kept only for fixes.

> Second set of versions that is important are the Bee's OpenAPI versions that define versioning of the Bee API and Bee Debug API. These versions **does follow** 

Reviewer: ```
Please note that Bee's API versioning (denoted in our OpenAPI [specifications](link)) **does follow** Semantic Versioning.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The second set of versions that are important are the Bee's API versions (denoted in our [Bee](https://github.com/ethersphere/bee/blob/master/openapi/Swarm.yaml) and [Bee Debug](https://github.com/ethersphere/bee/blob/master/openapi/SwarmDebug.yaml) OpenAPI specifications). These versions **do follow** 
```

Our documentation is hosted at https://docs.ethswarm.org.

## Versioning

There are two versioning schemes used in Bee that you should be aware of. The main Bee version does **NOT** follow
strict Semantic Versioning. Bee hosts different peer-to-peer wire protocol implementations and individual protocol breaking changes would necessitate a bump in the major part of the version. Breaking changes are expected with bumps of the minor version component. New (backward-compatible) features and bug fixes are expected with a bump of the patch component. Major version bumps are reserved for significant changes in Swarm's incentive structure.

> In this light minor versions can include breaking changes, but patch versions will be kept only for fixes.

Author: ```suggestion
```
